What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	When I initialize a repository and run git status it show me the files in that repository, show me that there is not a commit yet and show me that the files are not tracked yet.
	I need to initialize it to create a hidden folder wich will contain metadata of the repository and to choose which files to track and add to commit.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

	The staging area is where I can place the files that I want to commit to the repository, while the working directory shows me all the files, including that ones that I didn't add to the staging area. The staging area has a good concept because with it I can choose which files I want to commit.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

	With the staging area I can compare the diff between the last commit and the staging area so I can be sure that I'll commit the right things and there is only one logical change.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

	Branches can help me to keep my history organized because I can test some new functionalities, idiom changes and others things without losing my master branch.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	The diagrams help me to visualize the branch structure because they are a easy way to think about the structure of the commits and different branches, allowing me to see all the structure like it was only a image.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

	Merging two branches is make the two branches turn into one so we can unite the changes in both branches into only one.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

	The pro is that if different parts of code were changed the git automatic merging combines that for me and I don't need to concern the con is that sometimes it can add strange behavior.